Improve docs about reraise (#25316)
dotnet/docs: docs/fsharp/language-reference/exception-handling/the-raise-function.md

---

> title: "Exceptions: The raise and reraise functions"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: "Exceptions: raise and reraise functions"
```

description: Learn how the F# 'raise' and 'reraise' functions are used to indicate that an error or exceptional condition has occurred.

> ms.date: 05/16/2016

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ms.date: 07/23/2021
```

---

> # Exceptions: the raise Function

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Exceptions: raise and reraise functions
```

> The `raise` function is used to indicate that an error or exceptional condition has occurred. Information about the error is captured in an exception object.
> The `reraise` function is used to propagate a handled exception up the call chain.

Reviewer: Adding bullet points to stress they're different 

```suggestion
- The `raise` function is used to indicate that an error or exceptional condition has occurred. Information about the error is captured in an exception object.
- The `reraise` function is used to propagate a handled exception up the call chain.
```

[!code-fsharp[Main](~/samples/snippets/fsharp/lang-ref-2/snippet5802.fs)]

## Reraising an exception

The `reraise` function can be used in a `with` block to propagate a handled exception up the call chain.

> Note that `reraise` does not take an exception operand. It is most useful when a method passes on an

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`reraise` does not take an exception operand. It's most useful when a method passes on an
```

Acrolinx, our grammar checker, would ask us to remove that.
